Add documentation on how to install (#42)
Mojang/ore-ui: react-facet/docs/getting-started.md

render(<Counter />, document.getElementById('root'))
```

## Installation

The packages of React Facet are grouped under the `@react-facet` scope on npm. To install the packages for the example above, run:

```sh
yarn add @react-facet/core @react-facet/dom-fiber
```

> Note that if you want to use the [DOM Components](api/dom-components) you will need to install those separately:

Reviewer: How about deleting the paragraph " …and so on for any other required package." and instead changing the earlier paragraph to this:

```suggestion
Note that if you want to use other [packages](api/packages), such as the [DOM Components](api/dom-components), you will need to install them separately:
```
